dependencies

the following is pulling from the "labour of the inhuman" and notes from this class:

Look up 'inferentialism' and 'Robert Brandum': 
"Inferentialism is how concepts 
work. when you make a concept, you're making a commitment to 
the inferences that come out of it."[from Josh in-class] WOW. this 
is possibly linked to the use of dependencies in software programming. 

when you make a new concept, unless you update the commitments its 
bound to you buy the concept in itself.


>>> on updating and dependencies:
"Indeed, in its commendable attempt to outlint 'what ought to be 
done' in terms of functional organizations, complex hierarchies 
and positive feedback loops of autonomy, Srnicek and WIlliams's 
'#Accelerate' signifies a Marxian project that is in the process 
of updating its commitments. It should come as no surprise that 
such an endeavor receives the most derision and scorn from those 
strains of Marxism which have long since given up on updating 
their cognitive and practical commitments." (Negarestani 453)


on lower-level and higher-level structure and processes in a system:
Engineering epistemology << KEY TO your paper
"Knowledge of the system is not a general epistemology, but 
rather, as William Wimsatt emphasizes, en 'engineering epistemology'. 
Engineering epistemology -- a form of understanding that 
involves the designated manipulation of the 
causal fabric and the organization of function hierarchies -- is 
an upgradeable armamentarium of heuristics that is particularly 
attentive to the distinct roles and requirements of different 
levels and hierarchies. It employs lower-level entities and 
mechanisms to guide and enhance construction on upper levels. It 
also ustilizes upper-level variables and robust processes to correct lower-level structural and functional hierarchies, but also renormalize their space of possibilities so as to actualize their constructive potentials, yielding the observables and manipulation conditionals necessary for further construction." (page 460-461)