essay_positionality_section

this section needs to address and discuss:

positionality and/of distributed cognition

positionality of opensource work -- [this is where self-interest comes in]


<!-- need to describe the git workflow-->
To retrieve the most up-to-date version of the project, a user invokes a pull request, which downloads whatever parts of the remote repository that differ from the local. A creator then makes changes to the items in their local repository, providing comments about changes contemporaneously in the commit history. When a change needs to be added to the remote repository, the <i>push</i> command is invoked. 


Heidegger's example of the carpenter producing a table depicts a thing concernfully approaching in time. (25) That is, it does not approach in distance, but through its fabrication it approaches in time: from standing reserve -- raw materials, such as lumber; to requisitioning, such as its characteristic positioning as a table; to its application as a table. The experience of concernful approach solely in the temporal domain is normalized through common internet usage, such as page loading, or downloading or uploading content. This is consistent when making a pull request, where the latest diffs in the remote repository travel over a network connection from the cloud to the local hard disk. In this action, the diffs concernfully approach the user, and is experienced solely as a movement in the temporal domain. Following, for example, a push command, the terminal provides metric feedback about the progress of the operation in terms of percentage, but not in the spatial domain, as there is no detail provided relating to the physical distance(s) travelled by the data. The user <i>waits</i> for the diffs to be transferred. 

As the master archive of a contemporaneous accounting of the development of a work, performed by one or many collaborators, the remote repository persists in the cloud. It maintains a longinquity (Heidegger 23) in relation to the local repository(s) and the humans that clone, push, and pull its contents. 

Following Heidegger's circuit of ordering, where

<BLOCKQUOTE>
...the standing reserve persists. It persists insofar as it is 
imposed upon for a requisitioning. Directed into requisitioning, 
it is placed into application. Application positions everything in 
advance in such a manner that what is positioned follows upon a 
result. (Heidegger 25)
</BLOCKQUOTE>

Were one to apply this flow of the becoming of material objects to the peer-to-peer interactions in a distributed version control social network. Certainly there are some examples of direct ordering between a vertical hierarchy of users, as is the case of [[the Linux kernel, with Linus Torvalds as the superior, mandating what the lieutenants and below are to work on...]]

As per positionality as the "...self-ordering" (31) of standing reserves, the distributed version control system in a social network exhibits patterns of decentralized coordinated behaviour. 

The following [[reword]] is a schematization of a distributed version control workflow along Heidegger's ordering circuit of persist-requisition-application. With a pull request, a user requisitions the remote repository from standing reserve and applies it as the starting position for their work going forward. Conversely, the act of pushing a change(s) to a remote repository, in the cloud, is an act of positioning the new state of the repository as a standing reserve. 

Application, according to Heidegger, presupposes a thing's positioning. (25) However, in cases where one cannot predetermine a thing's observer -- or in the Github social network, where one cannot predetermine a repository's potential forker or cloner -- its application cannot itself always be accurately predicted. 

The repository as standing reserve will persist -- barring any actions by the user or Github management that would see the repository removed, either willful removal, breach of service contract, or closing of the account, of course.

It is through the concepts of requisition and conscription that Heidegger would depict the open-source situation as itself a technology. 

"One positioning challenges another, falls upon it with a conscripting. 
This does not proceed by a mere sequence of acts of positioining. 
According to its essence, conscription occurrs in secret and in advance.
 Only for this reason does conscription make possible the planning and 
taking of action upon the individual <><><motives><><> of the particular positionings in a useful manner. But now where does this chain of requisitioning finally run off to?" <<< This paragraph can be used to develop your idea about self-interest because of the word MOTIVES. So need to read next pages of this text. 
