"The principle of individualism, the pursuit of 
self-interest, was conditioned upon the proposition that 
self-interest was rational, that is to say, that it 
resulted from and was constantly guided and controlled by 
autonomous thinking." (140)
	- RECALL that distributed cognition and distributed 
crativity works in opposition to INDIVIDUALISM. that no one 
is ever truly working in isolation of their society, or in 
isolation from other ideas. 

	BUT ALSO: can you examine the idea of 'self-interest' in the distributed cognition / DVCS / accelerated technicity contexts?

continued: "The rational self-interest did not coincide 
with the individual's immediate self-interest, for the 
latter depended upon the standards and requirements of the 
prevailing social order, placed there not by his autonomous 
thought and conscience but by external authorities" (ibid)
	-- an individual's immediate self-interest ... the 'prevailaing social order(s)' github, for example: though its not essential that one expose their work to the commons, the system is certainly setup with such an emphasis, where free accounts come with most of the functions a coder would need to participate, while paid accounts offer the private dvcs. the idea of share early and often (find source) does suggest an open-source ethic that is simultaneously self-interested. 



idea of the individual as a resource, page 151 of 'Some Social implications of modern technology' is crucial to this: introduces the shaping of a person into a personality with traits and skills suitable for the completion of certain pre-arranged tasks. 
	-- However: you can possibly challenge this through Said's Travelling theory: one's vcs project, its impossible to predict who will clone one's given repository, and further to predict how it will be interpreted (linguistically, performatively, computationally?, etc?-- likely, yes!), used, modified, broken, etc. but in this way, crucially and possibly in opposition to Marcuse/Heidegger's fears, the individual (user)'s self-interest' IS a standing reserve to another individual user's self-interest. 

	WHOA:	By offering code as a public repository, you offer it, and your future revisions and interactions as standing reserve. when someone forks/clones [be clear and use distinctions of these two to write different threads of thought], they [and their work] also become standing reserves to you, your work, and also to the rest of the github social network. 

	"Where the daily social performance of the individual 
has become antagonistic to his 'true interest', the 
individualist principle has changed its meaning. The 
protagonists of individualism were aware of the fact that 
'individuals can be developed only by being trusted with 
somewhat more than they can, at the moment, do well'; 
today, the individual is trusted with precisely what 
[they] can, at the moment, do well." [what page is this on??] 
>>but this was written before help forums like stack overflow, or subreddits for how-to help -- how can one think critically about the individual, defined as being trusted with more than what they can do at a given moment: suggests that the individual is a worker who learns on the job? does it also suggest that the individual asks for help/ is helped? 

	- what can be asked about the 'performance of the individual'?

	- positionality links everything as standing reserve <<<
		- recall that positionality is about ordering. (Heidegger) 
		- 'challenging-forth' (shannon said this was the precursor to Hiedegger's later idea of the 'enframing')
		- possible key idea is the 'circuit of positionality', where its an understanding of what we put into something before we make it, as an ordering, we think this way. [[not likely needed for the paper... but its worth noting that the following proceeded afterward in your notes: 'the positionality strikes against inceptional thinking, reflective thinking, thinking that it will get us out of the very thinking we have.']]
	- Einnar: "whether its appropriate to think of positionality as a kind of blackboxing, in that ... positionality is a concealing of the truth or the thingness of the thing. A black box is the concealing of all the processes that went into making the thing." (Einnar) "A leaving of scale at the macro level to the effect that we're unable to make out what the lower level processes. Black box only comes into being by its effect on the human, its a demand that we don't consider how a thing came into being" (Einnar)
		-- black boxing IS useful in a discussion of open source,


		"Technology is not simply the object, but its also a way of 
knowing, it is knowledge. In that way, this danger that heidegger 
is talking about is 'being stuck thinking in a particular way'" 
(Tamar) Shannon: "What Michael was thinking about in terms of the 
circuits of positionality is similar; and Heidegger is asking us 
to think in a different way."
	-- of being stuck thinking in a particular way: Would Travelling Theory simply say that an idea (or a program) is not forever bound to be thought of/used in a given way? concealment/black-boxing might not prevent a thing being used in a novel way. unconcealment/open-sourcing opens it to modification of its structure, but this does not necessarily precipitate a change in use. A change in use can therefore be at the cognitive [and/or conceptual?] level because its essence remains the same. [?]




	Accelerationists see the potential of using technology as a power against the system itself. they claim marx was an accelerationist. 


when Ge-Stell (essence) is positioned as the negative image of pureness (shannon mentioned this in class may 11), can this 