and individualism, which certain waves of distributed cognition push against, I am going to explore its possible importance when it comes to the topic of self-interest. 

i will attempt to show that offering one’s code as open-source in the cloud is actually a self-interested act, and positions oneself, one’s work, those receiving one’s work (other users), and their modifications of the original work, all as resources (or ‘standing reserve’ in the heideggerian sense)

"to position, place, set" (26) can be used to describe "what comes to pass in that requisitioning through which an inventory arises [der Bestand steht] and is thus a standing reserve" (ibid) Where Heidegger positions the 'inventory' as a standing reserve, so to could the repository be considered as standing reserve. The repository is, for some, a record of past work. Through its use as a history [reword], the lognginquity of its contents expands with each additional commit. 



For Heidegger, positionality creates a mental model of spatio-temporal nearness of things. Requisitioning the repositories of other users in the social web of a DVCS like github requires one to navigate pathways of varying spatiotemporal nearness. [find some philosophy that describe the navigation of the web]
	-- can link this with Virilio's quote "the polar inertia produced by the instantaneity of interactive connections is actually poised to supplant the fixed-property inertia of places..." (3) <<<What is meant by the 'polar inertia' here? but yes, interactive connections is likely quite useful. [be wary that Virilio engages in a 'panicked enframing']


following Heidegger's depiction of 'ordering' on page 26, when the contents of a repository is 'cloned' from the cloud into the local storage of another user, it is ordered such that it may be standing reserve. As a standing reserve, a cloned repository may be used in support of an unfinished or unsolved portion of one's code, and it may also be used as a starting place for an entirely new work. 

"One positioning challenges another, falls upon it with a conscripting. 
This does not proceed by a mere sequence of acts of positioining. 
According to its essence, conscription occurrs in secret and in advance.
 Only for this reason does conscription make possible the planning and 
taking of action upon the individual motives of the particular 
positionings in a useful manner. But now where does this chain of 
requisitioning finally run off to?"


A social practices is a technology. (27) 

Heidegger's example of the difference between the jug and coal could be VERY USEFUL in depicting the differences in how a repository can be conceived of. 